Add Guild Navigation Message Format (#6105)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/Reference.md

###### Formats

| Type                    | Structure           | Example                       |
|-------------------------|---------------------|-------------------------------|
| User                    | <@USER_ID>          | <@80351110224678912>          |
| User \*                 | <@!USER_ID>         | <@!80351110224678912>         |
| Channel                 | <#CHANNEL_ID>       | <#103735883630395392>         |
| Role                    | <@&ROLE_ID>         | <@&165511591545143296>        |
| Slash Command \*\*      | </NAME:COMMAND_ID>  | </airhorn:816437322781949972> |
| Standard Emoji          | Unicode Characters  | 💯                            |
| Custom Emoji            | <:NAME:ID>          | <:mmLol:216154654256398347>   |
| Custom Emoji (Animated) | <a:NAME:ID>         | <a:b1nzy:392938283556143104>  |
| Unix Timestamp          | <t:TIMESTAMP>       | <t:1618953630>                |
| Unix Timestamp (Styled) | <t:TIMESTAMP:STYLE> | <t:1618953630:d>              |

> | Id                      | <id:TYPE>           | <id:customize>                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Guild Navigation        | <id:TYPE>           | <id:customize>                |
```
I think the wording could be improved to make the purpose of this special mention type more self-explanatory.

Author: Yeah, this is better ^^.

> | Guild Navigation        | <id:TYPE>           | <id:customize>                |

Reviewer: Also, I don't know if it's just me but both the `<id:TYPE>` as well as the example are missing the `<` / `>`  in the web view file preview.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/81811276/233682455-85509abe-73a9-46aa-8f52-39ef3791d28b.png)

Reviewer 2: You can always use `\<` to prevent it

Author: It's fixed

Reviewer: > You can always use `\<` to prevent it

That would've been my approach as well but I wasn't too sure why / if that issue would've even rendered like this on the docs...

| F     | Tuesday, 20 April 2021 16:20 | Long Date/Time  |
| R     | 2 months ago                 | Relative Time   |

###### Id Types

> | Types     | Description                                                                                     |
> |-----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
> | customize | Linked to the _Customise_ screen of [Onboarding](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-onboarding-object) |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| Types     | Description                                                                                           |
| --------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| customize | Linked to the _Customize_ screen of [Onboarding](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-onboarding-object)       |
| browse    | Linked to the _Browse Channels_ screen of [Onboarding](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-onboarding-object) |
| guide     | Linked to the _Server Guide_                                                                          |
```

Author: Thanks ^^. I didn't know these other types ^^.

| F     | Tuesday, 20 April 2021 16:20 | Long Date/Time  |
| R     | 2 months ago                 | Relative Time   |

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\*default

```

> ###### Id Types
> 
> | Types     | Description                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
###### Guild Navigation Types

| Type      | Description                                                                                           |
```

|-----------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | customize | Linked to the _Customize_ screen of [Onboarding](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-onboarding-object)       |
> | browse    | Linked to the _Browse Channels_ screen of [Onboarding](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-onboarding-object) |
> | guide     | Linked to the _Server Guide_ screen of [Onboarding](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-onboarding-object)    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| customize | Link to the _Customise_ section of the [Onboarding](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-onboarding-object) menu   |
| browse    | Link to the _Browse Channels_ section of the [Onboarding](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-onboarding-object) menu   |
| guide     | Link to the _Server Guide_ section of the [Onboarding](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-onboarding-object) menu   |
```

Author: Done.

> \*default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I'd avoid moving the default type annotation away from its corresponding timestamp styles table.

Author: Oops ^^'

\*default

> ###### Guild Navigation Types
> 
> | Type      | Description                                                                                                   |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
###### Guild Navigation Types

Guild navigation types link to the corresponding resource in the current server.  

| Type      | Description                                                                                                   |
```

|-----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | customize | Link to the _Customize_ section of the [Onboarding](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-onboarding-object) menu       |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| customize | _Customize_ tab with the server's [onboarding prompts](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-onboarding-object)     |
```

> | browse    | Link to the _Browse Channels_ section of the [Onboarding](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-onboarding-object) menu |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| browse    | _Browse Channels_ tab |
```

> | guide     | Link to the _Server Guide_ section of the [Onboarding](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-onboarding-object) menu    |

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
| guide     | [Server Guide](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/13497665141655)    |
```
